ICAC Lord has come up with its new product
named Elevate, you will also see its sign as
Infino, but yes actually there is magic in it,
so in this there are five infinites, you can
choose as much sum shot as you want, you can
choose unlimited sum shot, second is Infino
amount, I mean no matter how big the
claim is, the company will give you 100% of it once
in a policy lifetime, third is Infino
reset benefit, if your sum shot gets exhausted,
your sum shot will be reset unlimited number of times,
fourth is
Infino cumulate bonus, every year your policy will keep
increasing by 100% up to
Infino limit, there is no limit, there is
no maximum limit, it will keep increasing,
means if you are not using a policy of 10 lakhs, then
in 20 years it will become ₹ crore,
last but not the least is Jump Start add on which gives
you
Infino will also be covered for 30 days, so the
assurance company gives you
your before starting the video  I would
like to introduce you, my name is
Gurleen Kaur Chikku and I am a Certified
Financial Planner, I have been
associated with the insurance industry for the last 19 years
and every week I bring videos for you so that
your personal financial
journey and insurance buying journey can
become happy and easy because the
tagline of our company is also Creating a Wealth
of Happiness. A quick reminder
before starting the video, if you have
not subscribed to our channel then do it so that you get the
right information at the right time
as you are going to get it now. Let's move
towards the video. II Lords New and
Revolution Product Elevate. So first let's talk about the
eligibility criteria.
Who is eligible in this plan to
take this policy if your age
is between 18 to 125, yes you
heard it right, if you are between 18 to 125 years
then you can enroll in this policy.
Policy tenure is available for one year, two year,
three years. You know when you are in 2 years, 3 years  If you
take a policy for a year together, the company
also gives you some 10 and long 10 discounts.
Sum insured options available are 5 lakh,
7.5 lakh, 10 lakh, 15 lakh, 20 lakh, 25 lakh, 50 lakh, 1
crore and 3 crore. There
is also an unlimited cover option. If you want your
cover to never end,
you can choose the unlimited cover option. The
definition of family floater is two adults and
three children and the children
can continue in this policy till 30 years. If you take the
policy with your parents as a dependent
child, then let's talk about room rent
eligibility. A single
private AC room is eligible in your policy. You
can avail a single private AC room.
Day care treatments are
covered for you. Surgeries where 24-hour
hospitalization is not required,
those treatments are covered for you up
to sum assured. There is no limit on that. Then there
is AYUSH hospitalization, Ayurveda, Yoga.
Unani Siddha Homeopathy, this
hospitalization is also covered up to your sum short.
Domiciliary hospitalization means
hospitalization at home. This happens due to two reasons,
first if bed
is not available in the hospital, second if the patient is critical and
cannot be taken to the hospital.
Hospitalization should be for a minimum of three days to
cover pre-hospitalization, so
that is also covered in the policy up to annual
sum short. Donor expenses, so organ donor
expenses are also covered up to some short.
Domestic road ambulance, this is an emergency road
ambulance, this is also covered, the
expenses incurred till the hospital are
borne by the insurance company, this is also
covered up to some short. Next is
surrogacy and organ donation, so this is also covered
up to Rs 5 lakh. These are alternative treatments
for conceiving, so this
is also covered in your policy. Bariatric
surgery, which is also called weight loss surgery, is also covered up
to some short. There is no term up to some short in the policy,
but there are some conditions in it.
Bariatric surgery  To avail it,
you should refer it, mainly if you have
high BMI or you have
mobility issues along with BMI, then bariatric surgery is covered, which
means it will be available only if it is medically necessary, there is
up to sum share and
after a waiting period of two years,
you can get bariatric surgery covered, refill benefit, reset
benefit, so the reset benefit is
unlimited number of times, which means if
your base sum annual sum shot gets exhausted, the
bonus also gets exhausted and you
need treatment again in
the same year, then equal to base sum shot will be
refilled again and it will continue to be there unlimited number
of times, next is guaranteed
cumulative bonus, so in this plan, as you know
that in ICICI Lombard plans,
you get guaranteed cumulative bonus, which means whether you
use the sum shot or not, then
relative to the claim, you get bonus
every year which is 20 and the maximum is
100%, which means if you have taken a policy of Rs 10 lakh then
Next year it will be 12 lakhs, then 14,
then 16, 18 and 20, so in this way there is a guaranteed
cumulative bonus, whether there is a claim in any year
or not, on top of this there is
also an in-depth bonus which I will discuss later. As an
add-on which is also called power booster, there is
also a wellness program in this policy due to which
you get a discount of up to 30%
on the renal premium, so you have to accumulate some points, on that basis
you can avail the discount, it means if you take
care of your health then the
insurance company gives you a discount for
modern treatments, so modern
treatments are covered up to some points, these are the
inbuilt features which are
covered in the policy, now we will talk about add-ons, there is a lot of
flexibility in this policy, there are a lot of
add-ons, there are a lot of choices
which you can choose,
you can choose as per your requirement, whether you want to take a rider, whether you want to
take a do-on, as per your need, so
you have complete flexibility, the
first one is the add-on  As
long as you are running the policy, take
only one insurance claim.
You have taken a policy of Rs. 10 lakh and your
bill amount is Rs. 20 lakh, 25 lakh or 50 lakh.
What will happen? The insurance company will settle the claim of Rs.
50 lakh once in your entire policy life time. So,
whatever claim comes,
you need not worry,
it will be settled. Many times it happens that there will be some
critical incident and we do not know how much the bill will be. So,
your single bill amount is Rs. 10 lakh [ __ ]
bonus. You will keep getting it
up to 100% every year and there is
no maximum limit. Suppose you have taken a policy of Rs. 10 lakh
today, next year your amount will
increase by 100%. There will be 20 to 30 to 40, there will be no such
limit. There is
no maximum limit. It will keep increasing every year. So, as long as
you keep running your policy
with ICICI Lombard, your
cover will keep increasing by 100% every year, whether you make a
claim or not. Just because you are a  If you are a
loyal customer, then the company is giving you this benefit.
Not only this, the guaranteed cumulative
bonus which is inbuilt in the policy will be
available at 20% but on top of that, there is 100%. If
you take this add-on, then the next rider is
Jump Start, through which you
get coverage of pre-existing diseases after 30 days.
A pre-existing disease like asthma,
hypertension, hyperlipidemia, cholesterol
which is called obesity, diabetes.
If you have these five pre-existing diseases and
you want to get cover on 30 days, then by paying an
additional premium, you
can ditch the waiting period of 3 years and can get cover on 30 days. The
next add-on is
Claim Protector. So you all
know about Claim Protector. Basically, to protect your claim, the
non-payable items become
fully payable if you opt
for Claim Protector. Next is Inflation
Protector. So, you also know about Inflation Protector. As
your  Inflation
increases, your time shortfall also increases every year.
If you have taken this plan, then the
next is domestic air ambulance. If
you want to be able to avail emergency air ambulance, then you
can also take this plan,
up to annual sum, that will also be covered.
Choice of room modification if you want, if
you want to upgrade to
any room or if you want to downgrade from
let to single private AC room, then it
is covered. If I want to take twin sharing room, then
you can also downgrade, then the cost will be
less. If you want to upgrade, then the
cost will be more, so you can modify the room.
If you want to change the room, then
dependent accommodation benefit
is basically a benefit if you are hospitalized
due to any illness or injury and
there you want that you should be able to get the expenses of the dependents who are
attending you, then
you should also get their expenses covered. You will get this benefit for a
maximum of 10 days at the rate of Rs. 1000 per day.
If you
choose this add-on, then maternity
benefit is also covered in your policy. As an
add-on, you already know that maternity benefit is
covered in ISA Lombard policies. It was
also there in the old product, in Health Advantage, in
Health Advantage 2.0,
and now it is there as well.
You have the option in Elevate as well. If you are
looking for maternity, you can take maternity cover,
newborn baby cover and vaccination cover.
You will get maternity cover at 10% off annual
sum but maximum ₹1 lakh. You
can avail delivery cost. This will come with a waiting
period of two years. So,
you can make maternity claim only after the waiting period of two years. Along with this,
if you have
also taken newborn baby cover, then the newborn baby
cover which is up to 90 days will be
covered for 90 days after the birth of the child and there will be a
limit on it.
So, you will get double the cost incurred in delivery of the
newborn baby.  You will get cover for
vaccination expenses. You can avail of it
for the first year of your child at 1 per sum in
short or ₹1000000. Here I
would like to tell you that if you want to increase the maternity cover
from 2 years to 1 year, then also
DON is available. You
can reduce the maternity cover from two years to one year by
paying additional premium. Nursing at home rider.
So what happens is that many times after going home from the hospital,
post care is required, a
nurse is required, so if
you have chosen Nursing at home rider, then
₹2000000 cover. Many times
after hospitalization, you need some durable
medical equipment like a
wheelchair, stick and there can be many other
things too. If the doctor has recommended that
they are required, then even up to ₹1 lakh if ​​you
want to buy it or rent it,
you can avail it if you have taken this DON,
then compassionate cover if you have
taken this add on and you  If you are hospitalized for more than 10 days
due to illness,
injury, accident or any other reason, then the company
on compassionate grounds will give you a benefit of ₹2000000
in the policy year. Health checkup, so
you can also take health checkup as an add-on in
which you can get annual health checkup done which is
% of sum insured or ₹5000000.
Teleconsultation, so teleconsultation basically
you can avail unlimited teleconsultation.
If you have taken D on, you
can consult the doctor through call, through video
calls and so on. If you want voluntary co-payment option, if
you want to reduce your premium, co-
payment option from 10% to 50% is available, you can choose it
and the premium will be reduced. So co-
payment is basically claim sharing,
so whatever claim comes, whatever percentage of co-pay you
choose, you will have to pay that.
Suppose you have chosen voluntary co-payment of 10%.  The
premium will be reduced,
but in every claim that comes, you will have a 10% share in it. In every
claim,
you know that insurance companies have
introduced a preferred partner network, where
if you go, you are given preference.
If you choose the preferred partner network,
you get a 10%
discount on the premium while onboarding the
policy. But if you take the claim outside the preferred partner
network, say
outside that list of hospitals, then
you will have to pay 20%. Personal
accidental cover: So, here if you
want to take personal accidental cover, then
accidental death and permanent disability are
covered in it and the maximum cover is up to Rs 50 lakh. If
you want to take this rider, then
you will have to opt for this rider before the age of 65 years. You
can continue it further.
Then critical illness rider, so critical
illness is also an add-on, where there are 20 listed
critical illnesses. If they are diagnosed, then there is a
lump sum payout.  If
your hospitalization happens, its limit is also
₹ lakh. So now let's talk about the
waiting periods in the policy. So the waiting
period is the initial waiting period of
30 days. You cannot get planned hospitalization for 30 days.
However,
your accidental emergency is covered from day one.
Specific exclusions are your slow-
growing illnesses. There is a list of illnesses
which are not covered for 24 months. Then
some of your conditions like diabetes, hypertension
and cardiac conditions will be
covered in the policy after 90 days, provided it is
not pre-exiting. If there is a pre-
existing
cardiac element, then it is covered in
your policy. The waiting period for its hospitalization and
critical illnesses is also 90
days. If you have taken a critical illness rider, then it will be
applicable after 90 days.
Then let's talk about the
waiting period for pre-exiting diseases.  Months is the
pre-existing disease waiting period. If you have
any pre-existing problem, then it will not be covered for 36 months.
If you have taken Jump Start for
those five conditions which I
told you, which were asthma,
hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia and
obesity, if those five conditions and you
want to get them covered from 30 days, then you
have that option by paying add-on premium. Apart from that, if there is
anything else, then you will have to
serve a pre-existing waiting period of 36 months. The
waiting period for bariatric surgery
is 24 months and the waiting period for maternity is
24 months. But you know,
you have an add-on to reduce the waiting period for turning. You can reduce it
from 24 months to 12 months, that is, you can reduce it from 2 years to 1
year. Now let's talk about
some discounts available
in the policy. The first discount is your
credit score discount. If your
CIBIL score is good, then the company will give you a discount of up to
15  The second is the long
10 year discount. If you are taking a policy for 2 years or 3 years
together, then the company
gives you a long 10 year discount, which you
can avail, which is 10% on the second year
premium and 15% on the third year premium.
Next is the early renewal discount, meaning
if your premium is due after 30 days and
you pay it 30 days in advance at the
time of renewal, then
you are eligible for a 2.5% discount, which means there is an
advantage in working early. So there is
no delay cost here. If you are paying the early premium, then
you are not bearing the delay cost, which
means you are getting a 2.5% discount.
In simple words, next is the wellness
discount, which we talked about. You
can avail some points by doing
certain activities and taking care of your health, then
you will also get a discount on renewal pay up to 30%. That is
through the Take Care app of ICICI Ltd. It is
tracked through your health and you get it.  There is a
points system, so according to the points
you get a discount which is up to
30, so now you must be waiting for the
premium, so there is so much in this product, so
what is the premium,
I will share with you different combinations, I will
share it with different riders so that you
can decide whether this policy is for you or not
because you know your due diligence
is important before buying any policy,
so for premium purpose the country has been
divided into four zones, Zone A, Zone B,
Zone C, Zone D, so
you can see all the zones on the screen in front of you, Zone A is basically
Mumbai, Delhi, Delhi NCR, your state,
this is Zone A, then Zone B is Pune,
Kolkata, Bangalore, Chennai, Pondicherry and so on,
Zone C has the rest of India in Zone D like
Punjab, Rajasthan, Chandigarh, Himachal Pradesh,
Jammu & Kashmir and Zone D is the remaining
NCR which is not covered in Zone A,
so
you will pay the premium according to the zone in which you live and most
importantly, whichever zone you are paying the premium for,
you are in the higher zone  If you are getting treatment done then there is
no copayment. You will
not have to pay anything extra from your pocket if you are getting
treatment done in higher zone
but you should pay the premium as per your zone only. The
logic behind this is that your premiums are decided according to the
treatment cost of the place where you live
but it is not that there is any
restriction on you that you
cannot get treatment in higher zone. You should have address
proof of your zone, this is a pre-
requisite. So now we are
presenting different premiums
with different combinations on your screen. You should see and decide whether
this policy is for you or
not. If you want to ask some questions regarding this
policy,
you can put it in the comment section below. If you want to take this policy then contact us on
our
whatsapp2. Take care bye bye.